# Logs for ZX Meetings 

Week |Meeting Date | Meeting Time | Peron(s) present | Things Discussed
-----|-------------|--------------|------------------|-----------------
W1 | 26/02/2021| - | - | <ul><li> No meeting </ul></li> 
W2 | 5/03/2021 | - | - | <ul><li> No meeting </ul></li>
W3 | 12/03/2021 | - | <ul><li> 1. Stephen Skadroon (supervisor) </ul></li> <ul><li> 2. Masood Mansoori (Supervisor) </ul></li> <ul><li> 3. Justina Koh (Student) </ul></li><ul><li> 4. Chris Burt (Student) </ul></li> | <ul><li> Discussed what ZX Security expects of us </ul></li> <ul><li> Discussed what he would like us to work on <ul><li> Ideally wants us to work on higher priority issues but open to whatever we want to work on </ul></li> </ul></li>
W4 | 19/03/2021 | - |  <ul><li> 1. Stephen Skadroon (supervisor) </ul></li> <ul><li> 2. Ian Welch (supervisor) </ul></li> <ul><li> 3. Masood Mansoori (Supervisor) </ul></li> <ul><li> 4. Justina Koh (Student) </ul></li><ul><li> 5. Chris Burt (Student) </ul></li> | <ul><li> Discussed selected issues for both Chris and I <ul><li> 4 tasks selected each. 1 high priority, 1 low priority, 2 bugs </ul></li> <ul><li> My tasks are: </ul></li> </ul></li>
W5 | 26/03/2021 | - | - | <ul><li> </ul></li>
